.TH mma-libdoc 8
.SH NAME
mma-libdoc  \- maintain mma library files.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B mma-libdoc


.SH DESCRIPTION

.B mma-libdoc
updates and maintains the HTML documentation
for the MMA library. It is recommended for use
by those adding 3rd party
files to the lib tree.

If you have already downloaded and installed 
.B MMA,
the HTML documentation should be installed on your system. The documentation
for the library files is in 
.I  /usr/local/share/mma/docs/html/lib,
or a similar location depending on your installation and system.

If you add or modify the library files you can simply run
.B mma-libdoc
and the library documentation will be updated.

.B Note:
To run this program 'root' privileges may be needed. This
     depends on your installation and operating system.

When  
.B mma-libdoc 
is run it will check the installation
and install or update the docs in the root tree where
.B mma
is installed.

.SH Caveats

Old/unused HTML files are NOT deleted. So, if you move files around or
delete .mma files you can end up with a number of unused files. Just
delete the whole bunch every once in awhile if it becomes a problem.

The program assumes that you already have the html documentation
installed. So, it doesn't do a very good job of creating the complete
directory tree. If you find that you get an error right off the top of
program you will need to create the directories by hand. Assuming you
have installed in /usr/local/share/mma a command like:

.IP
mkdir -p /usr/local/share/mma/docs/html/lib

.P
Depending on how your system is set up you will most likely need to be
be the root user for any of this to work. If you get "permission" or
"access denied" errors, run as root or fix the permissions.

.SH SEE ALSO
mma(1), mma-renum(1).

.SH RESCOURCES
The latest version of this program is always distributed with
.B MMA
and is available at http://www.mellowood.ca/mma


.SH AUTHOR
Bob van der Poel <bob@mellowood.ca>
.SH LICENSE
mma-libdoc is Copyright 2003-2013 Bob van der Poel. Free use of this software is granted
under the terms of the GNU General Public License.




